
Modification history for heasoftpy
Version 0.1 ME:    Initial version
Version 0.1.1 MFC: corrects identification of prompting for required, missing
                   parameters
Version 0.1.2 ME:  Added Error classes and handling errors when the underlying
                   program encounters an error.
Version 0.1.3 ME:  Added checks of function versions and replacement of
                   functions that are outdated.
Version 0.1.4 ME:  Pre-populate the results.params field in a generated function
                   so that all values used by the corresponding FTool are in the
                   params field (which later has user-specified values replace
                   the defaults where appropriate).
Version 0.1.5 ME:  Added help, including putting fhelp contents into the
                   docstrings of the created functions.
Version 0.1.6 ME:  Split creation of functions so that those that can accept
                   a single (positional) argument can do so with that required
                   argument (often the input file) as the default.
Version 0.1.7 ME:  Re-read parameter file after subprocess call to underlying program
                   and load into result.params. Moved _read_par_file function to utils
                   and renamed it read_par_file.
Version 0.1.8 ME:  Cleaned up code, removed debugging messages and restructured
                   directories in preparation for release
Version 0.1.9 ME:  Modified how a parameter can be considered required, so that "q"
                   (query) mode is considered.
Version 0.1.10 ME: Preparations for beta release
Version 0.1.11 ME: Extract the system pfiles directory from the PFILES environment variable
                   (instead of concatenating syspfiles to contents of $HEADAS env variable -
                   needed for users who will use both CIAO and heasoftpy).
Version 0.1.12 ME: Added informational message about the creation of files. (GitLab issue #9)
Version 0.1.13 ME: Modified the informational message. (GitLab issue #9)
Version 0.1.14 ME: Replaced LOGGER.INFO with LOGGER.info (GitLab issue #16)
                   Fixed the re-reading of par files after running the FTool. (GitLab issue #3)
Version 0.1.15 ME: Extracted the actual creation of the function files for the HTools/FTools
                   programs into an install script, removing that functionality from this file.
Version 0.1.16 ME: Moved the setattr inside the check for the corresponding file and added
                   message if the file doesn't exist.
Version 0.1.17 ME: Added error checks to utils.read_version. Extracted the update history from
                   __init__.py and put it in update_history (this file).

ME = Matt Elliott
MFC = Mike Corcoran
